from innovative projects to your update
on tagged and movies I've even got the
new finds that released from Dubai I
found some nice videos throughout the
week this is all in this week's episode
of the recap I'm can cause I and this is
too bye week the great value of this
week is related to other team and Cindy
bad they're part of the Arabic legend
and they've been around since the 11th
century they are travelers that bit all
over the world are cartoons about them
and everything and now you're going to
settle in dubai creek as we are having
three buildings by liquid on the port
all about like their heritage and it's a
supposed to be an altruist attraction
that mixes with the past with the mortar
my favorite and it's really beautiful
and i have hotels and offices and is
going to give an all new look to the
port without damaging dubai creek which
is supposed to be a hurt inside pretty
soon purchased by invesco now another
thing that is really interesting is that
Six Flags is going to open a branch in
dubai by 2017 I don't know if you've
heard about them they one of the biggest
leap frogs in the world they've gone
crazy vines and they can't wait to get
on them now of course all of this is an
ode to share Hamad bin Russia he is
so much to do by turning from a desert
to what it is now and try like what he
has done is just it will take a lot of
time but to buy me the office have made
this only a video that looks just
spectacular and it's highlighting most
of the stuff that is done it's really a
nice day to look at so check it out
one thing the video failed to mention is
that in just last year though more than
5 billion dollars was given in donation
to aid to developing countries that's
just what Sheikh Mohammed does and
another thing that is happening in the
near future is that everyone in Dubai is
going to happen surance which is great
because you don't want to get stuck with
a huge medical though the insurance
packages saw at 500 if your income is
below 4,000 and it covers stuff like
checkups treatments radiographic checks
and even dental care which is just
absolutely amazing the packages in four
depending on your income and what
services you get and where you get
treated so look for that to be coming
soon more than 43 companies have been
signed up by dividing now another thing
that I enjoy update warm but we kinda
have to Dubai Police has released you
find so let me run you through them the
first one is women can from make up for
driving and you can't change clothes
while driving there is a higher fine for
speeding like news lately and 200
kilometers that you be paying
you would have f1 on six teams to the
thing and the one thing that I'm
actually happy about is that you can no
longer a drive with the glasses on at
night sadly this is just when you drive
it and then I really hope they can
extend it tomorrow the gloves and
everywhere in the world is it's really
douchey okay so movie a big wheel cinema
has a new branch in jbr or by the beach
no new thing they've got ten screens and
three of them are supposed to be
luxurious and have leather seats and
everything so I suggest you go check it
out if you want three which movie to see
I suggests to go see divergent I
actually saw it over the weekend and I
absolutely love the action at this
storyline and how the villages similar
to hunger game and a good way and you
can also see Captain America or we owe
to some good movies are coming over the
weekend like the other woman I'll tell
you more about that later and one thing
that I really are excited about is that
frozen have gotten up to be the top
grossing cultural ever around so in love
with that movie so if you haven't seen
it you definitely should check it out
see you with your family or something
it's still in some cinemas in the array
that's how good it is in the tech world
if you're looking for an upgrade from
your phone this is definitely the week
to do it the two flagships front answers
are out that includes the Samsung s5
which is a lot better than the one
before and it feels more premium it's
got a
annabelle screen but it still is a
samsung it still is lasting and it's got
some stuff you don't need like the
heartbeat sensor that's completely is
this do you want to phone that I'm
actually excited about is the HTC One m8
it's an upgrade to the HTC One which was
the best one in 2013 it adds stuff like
a dual camera at the back dual LED
5-inch HD screens are compiling it makes
one camera sensors and just make you a
proposed by tapping the screen
everything about the phone deals of
premium that's the closest thing to an
iphone in the national college except it
has more features which i'll give you a
closer view of it once i actually get
the phone now you can get that some
sharaf DG or any other outlet that price
is ready to add about two thousand seven
hundred rupees which is okay HTC
blanchett phones of the year and it's a
lot has actually least a new package
this is not including the phones for 250
Germans a month you can get 10gb of
internet and 1000 minutes of national
calls also unlimited calls to your
favorite number and that will last
really here it's absolutely an amazing
package or you gotta check out so go to
Italy side and what about this ok so
that's all I've got for you in this
week's episode of the recap I hope you
enjoyed it this was cuz I if you liked
the video please like it and subscribe
to my channel share you don't
friends thanks a lot for watching see
you later
you